Create ui-c8y-1020-0-0-widget-drag-fix-6358.md (#2083)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/change-logs/application-enablement/ui-c8y-1020-0-0-widget-drag-fix-6358.md

---
date: ""
title: Widget drag fix (#6358)
product_area: Application enablement & solutions
change_type:
  - value: change-VSkj2iV9m
    label: Fix
component:
  - value: component-YdSEScrEC
    label: Cockpit
build_artifact:
  - value: tc-pjJiURv9Y
    label: ui-c8y
ticket: MTM-59259
version: 1020.0.0
---

> Widget drag fix (#6358)

Author: The Claude AI suggested to use the following body:
```suggestion
In some cases, widgets in dashboards could not be dragged and repositioned properly which made customizing dashboards difficult. This issue has been resolved and dragging widgets in dashboards now works reliably again. Dashboards that were previously affected by this issue will now allow proper widget dragging without requiring any changes by the user.
```

> Widget drag fix (#6358)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Angular CDK library update caused our dashboard widget drag feature to stop working. We aligned our logic to new version of package so dragging widgets is possible again.
```

> Angular CDK library update caused our dashboard widget drag feature to stop working. We aligned our logic to new version of package so dragging widgets is possible again.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
An Angular CDK library update caused the dashboard widget drag functionality to stop working. This issue has been fixed by aligning to the new version and dragging widgets is possible again.
```
